Interactive Message Dialogs (#2395)
mattermost/docs: source/developer/interactive-dialogs.rst

Dialog Submission
-----------------------

When a user submits a dialog, Mattermost will perform client-side input validation to make sure

  - All required fields are filled
  - All formats are correct (e.g. email, telephone number, etc.)

The submission payload sent to the integration is:

.. code-block:: json

  {
      "type": "dialog_submission",
      "callback_id": "<callback ID provided by the integration>",
      "state": "<state provided by the integration>", 
      "user_id": "<user ID of the user who submitted the dialog>",
      "channel_id": "<channel ID the user was in when submitting the dialog>",
      "team_id": "<team ID the user was on when submitting the dialog>",
      "submission": {
          "some_element_name": "<value of that element>",
          "some_other_element": "<value of some other element>"
      },
      “cancelled”: false
  }

Optionally, the dialog can send an event back to the integration if ``notify_on_cancel`` parameter is set to true. If this happens, ``cancelled`` will be set to true on the above payload, and ``submission`` will be empty.

> Moreover, Mattermost also allows the integration itself to perform input validation. For example, you can require the user to enter a number between 0 and 10, and return the following response body if the condition isn't satisfied:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, Mattermost also allows the integration itself to perform input validation. This can be done by responding to the dialog submission request with a JSON body containing an `errors` field. The `errors` field can contain a JSON object, mapping input field names to string error messages you would like to display to the user. For example, if you have a field named `num_between_0_and_10`, you can enforce the user to enter a number between 0 and 10 by returning the following response body if the condition isn't satisfied:
```
